The Firm is committed to preserving the security of information used in the conduct of its business, including client account information, information about client assets, and other non-public personal information that is customarily entered into our computer servers and other information systems and/or may be the subject of electronic communications. In an effort to maximize the security of such information, the Firm has implemented the following policies and procedures:

1. Chief Information Security Officer and Duties.  The CCO or other person designated by the CCO as indicated in the designation addendum to these Written Supervisory Procedures is hereby designated as Chief Information Security Officer (“CISO”). The CISO may also designate persons inside or outside the Firm to complete any task for which the CISO is responsible, including the granting of any permissions or approvals of the Firm, but any such designations shall be in writing.   It is expressly understood that all tasks for which the CISO is responsible under this policy may be performed with such other support from information technology resources within or outside the Firm as may be necessary to reasonably accomplish the purpose of the policies herein.

a)Inventories; Map of Data Flows; Catalogue of External Connections.  The CISO shall annually perform an inventory of the Firm’s: (a) physical devices (computers, servers, peripherals); (b) information technology systems used within the firm; and (c) software platforms and applications used within the firm.  The CISO shall also annually create and update as needed a map of network resources, and data flows that include any locations where customer data is housed or stored.  The CISO shall also annually create a catalogue of external connections to the firm’s network.

b)Prioritization of Protection. From the information derived from the inventories, maps and catalogues, the CISO shall annually prioritize resources for protection based on their sensitivity, privacy interests of the firm and its clients, and business value. Such prioritization and the data from which it is created shall be documented.

c)Vulnerability Scans.  Annually the CISO shall check the Firm’s system for vulnerabilities, including unauthorized access, malware, viruses, and similar incursions. A report shall be made of the findings and steps implemented to prevent recurrence. Any event that involves loss or significant risk of loss or unauthorized access shall be reported as soon as possible to the appropriate regulator and law enforcement.

d)Detection of Unauthorized Activity. The CISO shall annually assess the Firm’s capabilities to monitor and detect unauthorized activity on its networks and devices, including the monitoring of third party service providers to the Firm’s network, if any. The processes implemented as a result of this assessment should be capable of periodic monitoring to detect potential cybersecurity events and ideally to provide alerts to the CISO.  If alerts are not feasible, then the CISO shall monitor the potential activity at least once per month.

e)Log-In Practices. Annually the CISO shall assess the Firm’s log-in policies and practices to assure they are adequate and that log-in information is retained securely. The CISO shall also seek to insure that each employee’s permissions are restricted to those necessary for their business functions and shall adjust any permissions to meet this goal.

f)System Maintenance and Data Protection. The CISO shall implement a system maintenance program designed to assure data protection and shall review and test the program and its constituent elements (below) annually.  This shall be coordinated with the requirements of the Firm’s Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery Plan. Said maintenance program shall include, among other things, a baseline configuration of Firm hardware and software, backup and backup restoration systems, procedures for the secure destruction of data, protocols for addition or removal of software and destruction of data, timely installation and period updates of software patches and other security measures, the installation and periodic updates of malware and virus protection software, and a protocol to secure removable and portable media against malware. 

g)Training. The CISO shall provide annual cybersecurity training and education to all employees of the Firm. As part of the training, the Firm should review cybersecurity practices annually and monitor as required.

2. Network Configuration Access and Protocols. No employee may make any changes to the baseline network configuration of the Firm, or changes to any servers or data flow systems of the Firm, nor shall add any software to any computer authorized for Firm Business except with the permission of the CISO.  Likewise, no employee may access any virtual private network or other authorized remote access to the Firm’s network except by use of protocols approved and established by the CISO.  The Employee shall comply with any other protocols the CISO may develop and later distribute to employees regarding the use of other devices, such as removable or portable media.

3. Log-In Practices.  Each Employee’s log-in credentials for the Firm’s network, including third-party applications or websites used in the conduct of Firm business, is issued personally to that employee and may not be shared with any other person inside or outside of the firm.  Employees may not store log-in credentials, including passwords, in any location that is not kept under lock and key.  Employees shall not cause any privileges to be upgraded or changed, as this can only be done by the CISO.

4. Customer Log-In Credentials.  The Firm prohibits any employee from obtaining or using any customer log-in credentials, including user names or passwords or PINs that customers can use on third-party websites or with either Firm accounts or third-party accounts.  If an employee obtains such information inadvertently, he or she shall inform the CISO immediately.  In communicating with clients, employees should advise clients of the importance of keeping their log-in credentials confidential and not sharing with anyone, including Firm Personnel.

5. Email instructions received by clients. Neither the Firm nor any of its employees shall act on trading, redemption or cash transfer instructions obtained from clients via email.  Rather, any such requests shall be verified by telephone by the account representative of record and documented prior to action by the Firm. All cash transfer requests shall be subject to the Firm’s additional policies regarding obtaining client signatures.

6. Encrypted Communications. No email or other electronic communication or exchange of information that contains nonpublic personal information, private, or sensitive information shall be transmitted except by encrypted communication using an approved software or service identified by the CISO.

7. Security of Third-Party Vendors. Upon the commencement of a potential relationship with a Third-Party vendor, the CCO of the firm, in coordination with the CISO, shall first be satisfied after reasonable inquiry that the vendor has processes and procedures in place to insure the security of the private and sensitive information of the Firm and its clients, including clients’ nonpublic personal information.  Where necessary depending on the type of access the vendor will have to such information, the CCO shall assure that adequate protections are memorialized in the contract or agreement between the Firm and the vendor.

